Don't worry
I won't let you down.
The second house family had children because Ye Huangxin was unmarried at the beginning
Let our Ye family shares fall
He was kicked out of his house after suffering heavy losses
This time, the second room got the opportunity to meet Long Shuai
make up for it
I promised to let the second room family come back
Thank you for staying at home
Great! We're finally back!
Great, great, hahaha.
Your shares will also be redistributed to you
Thanks grandma
Wait until you finish picking up Long Shuai
climb relationship
I'll find a way to get rid of the second room
Nightcross
Must naturally be my big house
Now all the big families
They all want to get along with Long Shuai
You must not drop the chain, do you hear me?
Is family
Yes grandma
This time I can return to the old house
I specially prepared a gift for you.
Hope you like it.
Is that right, cousin, take it out and let's take a look too
Grandma, look
This is the good Gu Wenyu
family
This gift prepared by our family with the wind?
That's a million dollars.
Only one in the world
You will love it.